good morning everyone or good afternoon
depending on where you are thank you for
joining today's webinar today EAC and
PTC are coming together we have Dmitriy
a PTC Technical Specialist and we're
gonna be talking about before you expert
capture it's a fantastic tool that's
part of the v4 e a family that can
really help preserve the manufacturing
skill set with the help of AR as people
are coming and going from a company and
need training Dmitriy I'll show you more
so I'm just going to do a brief
introduction to EAC Before we jump into
things some of you may not know us we
About Us
are a product of element solutions
company dedicated to transforming the
way companies design manufacture connect
to and service their products we were
Our History
founded in 1996 primarily offering
engineering and analysis services and
then as we expanded our portfolio to
really include everything a company
needs to design develop manufacture
service and support products we became
one of the leading partners of PTC
bringing their technologies to the
market and also offer services we become
experts in over 22 areas of product
development they're really kind of
address all the needs and the tasks that
you the people on this webinar do day in
and day out trying to get things to
market be as profitable as possible make
sure that you're capturing data and you
know working as smart as you possibly
can we more than 75 professionals and
have locations throughout the country
now I mentioned that we started as an
Our Services
engineering and design firm and we've
expanded what we offer to really bring
bring you everything you might need from
start to finish when coming up with an
idea bringing it to market servicing all
those things that includes engineering
services so if you need engineering
design help Effie a CFD simulation help
we have engineers and designers on staff
that can like add us work as an
extension of your team or even work as
your team if you don't have an in-house
team we also have a training group that
can provide on-site mentoring and
training
allow you to bring your people to any of
our training centers throughout the US
to get trained up on the technology or
the ideas that we help bring the market
and then we have product development
consulting and a few other services like
implementation services if you get a
software and need help installing it or
you'd like to have someone on our team
act as your admin we have teams for that
to make sure that everything is always
installed and running as smoothly as
possible and then finally you'll see
that software piece in the circle that's
the piece of kind of encompasses our
partnership with PTC and why Dimitri's
on the call today we work very closely
with them as one of their leading
partners to bring things like creo for
CAD software of eforea for AR the thing
works suite for Internet of Things
connectivity and industrial I of T and
windchill for smart connection
operations PLM PDM kind of bringing all
of your data sources together and we are
proud to bring those to market we think
they are the the leading tool set from
kind of cradle to grave for product
development companies whether you are
coming up with an idea managing data
connecting to your products and your
customers servicing those products and
training your staff it's all here
we also offer some hardware and we are
Our Hardware
the commercial partner for form labs
desktop 3d printers so if you are in the
market for incredibly high quality 3d
printers for your prototypes please
reach out to us we have specialists
dedicated to knowing the ins and outs
and perfect use cases for the formalised
printers these start at under $4,000
everything you need to start printing so
it's professional level like fifty
hundred thousand dollar print quality
from machines and start at four grand
so if that's something you're interested
in feel free to reach out after the
presentation without any further ado at
Demetri if you want to take it away and
tell us a little more about you forty
expert capture so we'll begin today just
Expert Capture
by going through some slides so you guys
understand you know what are some of the
challenges customers are faced
when they're going into this space and
how expert capture and its capabilities
will help solve those challenges then
we'll go ahead and go through a
demonstration where we walk you through
the whole process first stage will be
going through and following an expert
capturing a session and then we'll go in
through the editor phase and finally
we'll show an end-user following those
instructions we created and so without
further ado we will begin so as I said
there are a lot of challenges here so
one of them could be that maybe there
are no pre-existing assets to create
these step-by-step instructions also
work in training instructions might
either be non-existent or be of poor
quality and then relevant CAD data or
documented procedures are unavailable
and then there's also highly regulated
standards for safety as well as
compliance and so expert capture is the
fastest and easiest way to create a
powerful air enabled instructions that
do empower frontline workers so provides
up-to-date information on how to
successfully perform tasks when and
where workers need it most in the real
work you know in the real world context
of their daily work environment creating
these high-value AR content really has
never been faster and easier and so what
are the capabilities of expert capture
so you'll have accelerated authoring and
publishing for step-by-step instructions
without the need for CAD data or
preexisting assets or development
efforts you'll be able to save time with
easy to use templates that make content
creation and publishing easy and
convenient and then you'll be able to
connect steps in a procedure to specific
objects and location so location
awareness capabilities of microsoft
hololens can be leveraged to connect
each step of a procedure to specific
objects and locations so that providing
safe and accurate guidance for those
frontline workers and then empower those
frontline workers across a variety of
supported devices so provided air guided
expertise when and where it's needed
whether it's through hands-free
wearables or mobile devices across the
enterprise
Demonstration
and so at this point we will jump into
the demonstration perfect I don't see
any questions in the queue so feel free
to keep rolling all right so as I
mentioned you know this demonstration
we'll start off by acting as the expert
so we're using the solution to create
and share a multi-step lab procedure to
prepare and analyze a sample using a
mass spectrometer so here our expert
she'll be wearing a real wear device
loaded with the beforee expert capture
app to record the required steps in the
procedure so acting as the expert she'll
start out by taking the calibration
samples box out of the refrigerator
we'll take a photo of the box and view
it in preview mode by using the voice
commands to take photo in preview and so
the expert can easily tag bookmarks
within a step to highlight critical
moments maybe to be further explained or
elaborated upon later in the refinement
process and so as the expert is
hands-free you'll see that everything is
done through these voice commands and so
the expert can also add audio
instructions to go along with the visual
instructions we are creating so these
wearable devices will understand whether
you're inputting a voice command or
whether you're just you know overlaying
some audio instructions but here in this
case we're happy so we'll say next step
and for step three here we'll go over at
our pipettor station locate our pipe
header and set it to 500 microliters
once that's set she'll say take photo
and we'll take a photo of the pipette er
set here at 500 microliters and then the
next few steps here are a little bit
repetitive so we'll go ahead and skip to
our step 7 and so here what we're gonna
do is open up rack a and place the vowel
in row 8 and so we'll do this by taking
a photo to identify that exact location
where the vial will be used or placed
and then we go ahead and say a next step
when we are ready and so as you guys are
noticing you know this is different than
you know our ptcs before a studio er as
that requires CAD data so extra capture
really comes in handy where maybe you
don't have CAD data on a you know a
piece of equipment or maybe you're
running
you know factory floor or a laboratory
like we're doing here and you know that
kind of a are just doesn't make sense so
here for our step here we're at our mass
spectrometer and we're just pointing to
that user that there needs to be a
sample
you know tight fit between port C and
the mass spec and just pointing out to
the to the spot where that end users
should be focusing and then to finish
our procedure we'll head over to the
computer we'll simply open the method
program and select a run to begin the
analysis and so to end this procedure we
use the voice command finish capture
will say edit title so we'll save a
title for the procedure we'll just call
mass spec demo and then we can go ahead
and save capture so with before expert
capture creating and sharing these
easy-to-follow instructions can be done
anywhere anytime simply by recording the
expert while they're at work and so now
we're moving on to our editor stage so
this is a web-based editing environment
where we will review fine-tune and then
publish the content that we just created
we'll start by plugging in our we're
wall rail we're device scar computer and
transfer the files from the device onto
the computer and so what you're seeing
here on the right is these steps will
automatically be updated as we go along
so every time our experts set next step
the application created that step for
you now you will have to still manually
input the descriptive text so here for
step one on the right you guys can see
it says take the calibration standards
box out of the refrigerator here you
will still have to manually put that in
but it is on the roadmap for that to
update with experts audio as well and
then on the left hand side you guys can
see this is where all our assets will be
so we can have assets from our session
we just had from previous sessions or it
could have legacy content as well so
these top eight pictures we see up here
was just some you know extra images that
we thought were important to include in
the process and then our videos here so
again videos from this session or any
previous session are available and so
we'll quickly show you how we would
manually create a step here so for step
seven we'll just press add step we'll
add some descriptive
next and then we'll just simply drag and
drop our assets onto that step so this
was built out to be you know intuitive
there really is no training required you
know anybody can really come here
whether they're the expert recording the
steps or they're you know editing the
steps here in the editor it was built
for just about anybody to go in here and
be able to do so and so we'll just
quickly do the same thing for step 8
and then instead of you know boring here
with another step here we'll just skip
through that so once we have what we are
looking for we can actually go to the
top right corner select our share tab
and publish our procedure and so once
that's published now our end user all
they have to do is download this QR code
and they can actually go ahead and
follow the instructions we just created
and so just went too quickly here before
I get into the last part just so you
guys understand the expert does need to
be wearing a wearable device the
wearable devices that extra capture
works with our microsoft hololens real
wear which is the noise being used in
the demo here as well as musics however
the end-user
does not have to consume it through a
wearable so it will you know whatever
device you're consuming it on these will
format automatically to that device so
if they want to use their iPad or a
phone they could do so as well
and so what you're going to be seeing
here though is then used or will be
wearing a real wear device and you're
gonna be seeing exactly what they're
looking at so here for the first step
they'll see the descriptive text now if
there's more than one asset so maybe if
you just had one photo or one video that
would automatically show but since we do
have multiple assets here the end-user
will use the voice command open to be
able to take a look at those assets that
are available so you're not hearing the
audio from the expert but accompanying
this visual video is also the audio of
the expert as well and then he'll say
things like next to see the next step
here and then we'll just quickly follow
him right here following the step
and then step three is actually going to
be just a video so that will
automatically play for end user and so
he'll go ahead and set the micropipette
here to 500 microliters now once he's
done that we'll do something a little
different here so instead of boring you
guys with the next six steps we'll do
something a little different will say
menu to see our menu screen and then
we'll say show step list to see all the
steps in the procedure so you might be
confident in the next few steps but
unsure of step 9
so you could say step 9 to skip ahead
and this is a special step because it
includes legacy content we dragged and
drop from our desktop instead of that
editor to itself so in this case we have
a diagram of a mass spec as well as some
graphical results to help compare us to
our final results later in the process
and then once we run the analysis you
know we can't compare our results the
graphical results shown or you can say
back to overview to navigate back to the
starting page so before expert capture
does allow the enterprise to multiply
here the expertise of your organization
and just to conclude here I do want to
finish off with a couple slides here so
Value of Expert Capture
just so we can hit home you know really
what is the value of expert capture in
both manufacturing and service so first
for manufacturing you'll be able to
improve your workforce productivity and
efficiency so reduce turnover and
attrition improve knowledge transfer and
training as well as improve new hire
productivity then we can reduce waste
and improve quality by reducing scrap
and rework costs reduce unscheduled
downtime as well as increased revenue
and then finally here reduce operational
costs by reducing safety and compliance
costs and reducing maintenance time and
costs for service we're actually going
to improve work efficiency by reducing
attrition improving training as well as
productivity we can increase service
revenue will gain a competitive
advantage here creating new
opportunities as well as increasing
renewals you'll also increase customer
satisfaction so increase your first-time
fixed rate reduce mean time to repair as
well as decreased
downtime and finally reduce your service
costs by lowering those travel costs of
having to send technicians out of
reducing safety incidents as well as
decreasing the labor costs
excellent Demetri there's a question in
QA
the queue I'm wondering whether or not
the system captures successful
completion of tasks for checking on
learning after the fact yep you can you
can definitely do that
correct okay excellent I will you talked
for about 30 seconds here and give
everyone else a chance to type any
questions into the queue but this is an
excellent way as you mentioned on the
last slide to to kind of capture the
knowledge in an organization whether
it's an aging workforce issue where
there might be retirement or nutrition
coming up or if they're not a high
turnover kind of situation where you
want to easily capture training once and
have a bunch of different people view
the training or simply making sure that
you are consistently and accurately
training people and providing
information across your organization
there are ton of use cases for a tool
like baforee expert capture and I hope
people kind of saw how it works and are
kind of mulling over how it could apply
to their organization and if you have
any questions about anything you saw
feel free to reply to the follow-up
email

